Received: (qmail 29574 invoked from network); 14 Feb 1999 09:36:18 -0000
Message-Id: <19990213160031.QAA18799@winner-stocks.com>
Date: Saturday, February 13, 1999 4:00:31 o'clock PM EST
From: winner-stocks@winner-stocks.com
To: APBUGS@HYPERREAL.COM
Subject: ADV: Winner Stocks Discovers "Gem" in the Rough!

>Number:         3901
>Category:       pending
>Synopsis:       ADV: Winner Stocks Discovers "Gem" in the Rough!
>Confidential:   yes
>Severity:       serious
>Priority:       medium
>Responsible:    gnats-admin
>State:          closed
>Class:          mistaken
>Submitter-Id:   unknown
>Arrival-Date:   Sun Feb 14 01:40:00 PST 1999
>Last-Modified:  Sat Feb 20 16:48:03 PST 1999
>Originator:     
>Organization:
>Release:        
>Environment:
>Description:
>How-To-Repeat:
>Fix:
>Audit-Trail:
State-Changed-From-To: open-closed
State-Changed-By: lars
State-Changed-When: Sat Feb 20 16:48:03 PST 1999
State-Changed-Why:
junk
Class-Changed-From-To: sw-bug-mistaken
Class-Changed-By: lars
Class-Changed-When: Sat Feb 20 16:48:03 PST 1999
>Unformatted:
To be removed from our mailing list, simply reply with "REMOVE" in the
subject line.

Winner-Stocks is proud to present this months profile:
American Benefits Group, Inc. (OTC: BB ABFG)
Closing Price 02/12/99 - $0.45

Visit http://www.winner-stocks.com for full company details.

"Mark Twain said: "The secret to success is - find out where the people
are going and get there first".  We feel that American Benefits Group, Inc.
has followed that adage to a T.

American Benefits Group, Inc. is a dynamic high-tech company with major
real-estate holdings. The goal of the company is to utilize competitive
advantages provided by the core business to build new retail opportunities.
The company's business is to provide high quality merchandise via the
Internet at affordable prices. ABFG is presently developing an Internet
shopping mall of 30 to 40 e-commerce retail outlets offering consumers new
and existing products at reasonable prices due to the reduction of overhead
inherent in Internet retailing. ABFG is a development pioneer of this new
age and its future is as bright as the technology they endorse.

ABFG's unique and effective strategy is to vertically integrate its retail
stores. By owning the manufacturing and distribution components of many of
the businesses it is involved with the company enjoys significant cost
savings and is able to retain all profits through exclusion of "the
middleman". Some of these savings are passed on to the customers enabling
them to purchase the highest quality products at prices far lower than
those offered in conventional retail operations.

ABFG's first Internet retail sales center "The Gem Store" utilizes this
strategy. ABFG, through a subsidiary, is the owner of producing precious
gem concessions in Madagascar. High quality precious gems and gold are
extracted from these properties and then utilized in the manufacture of
some of the products offered at "The Gem Store". ABFG knows of no other
company that can claim to mine, manufacture and then sell their gem
products to an immense market utilizing the Internet thus reducing costs.

Each day, a typical jewelry store in a typical suburban retail mall might
see 500 potential customers pass by their door. Each day, millions of
potential customers log on to the Internet, hundreds of thousands of them
with highly qualified demographics and disposable income. Internet
commerce goes so far beyond the boundaries of conventional business that
it requires a complete rethinking of strategy to understand its potential. ABFG stands to define this great potential with their first foray into e-commerce; "thegemstore.com" (http://www.thegemstore.com). 

The company 's vision is to cross market all of our stores. As each new
store opens ABFG has the ability to attract more consumers and offer
further savings to those who shop at their Internet mall. 

Jerry G. Mikolajczyk, President and CEO of American Benefits Group, Inc.
stated:

"Ours is a great business strategy; more stores, more business, lower
costs to the consumer - more revenues for our shareholders." "The next
store to join our electronic shopping mall will offer vitamins and other
health products."

COMPANY HIGHLIGHTS

ABFG maintains real estate assets, which provide a solid foundation of
capital growth for the future. These real estate assets allow ABFG to
explore and develop resource (mining) perimeters in the Republic of
Madagascar and to thereafter market the finished product worldwide. The
Company has secured a number of gem properties and is currently preparing
for a test mining plant to be established for the extraction of raw
sapphires. This plant will be operating on one of ABFG several sapphire
concessions.

ABFG has acquired ninety (90%) percent of the issued and outstanding
shares of SAO, a Malagasy mining company which owns thirteen (13)-mining
perimeter leases, with an option to acquire two more. 

ABFG has acquired seventy (70%) percent of the issued and outstanding WGC
shares for a commitment to invest machinery and start up capital for the
company. WGC holds 34 Sapphire and Gold perimeters in the Malagasy regions
of Milanoa, Ambilobe, and Anivrano Nord. The Sapphires found on these
perimeters are of medium and low-grade commercial quality. These mining
areas are ready for immediate production and are expected to maintain a
very good cash flow for the foreseeable future.

Since the first regular shipment of Madagascar gemstones began in 1904,
the Madagascar gem industry has determined relatively dormant. Current
policies of the government and initiatives of companies such as ABFG; aim
to expand the gem and precious metal industry as well as help improve the
infrastructure and economy of Madagascar.

ABFG's management has first-rate technical resources and expertise. Upon
this foundation, ABFG will gain and maintain the competitive edge required
to thrive in today's world economy. 

ABFG maintains offices in Deerfield Beach and New York, United Sates;
Calgary, Canada; and, Antananarivo, Madagascar.

Once again visit http://www.winner-stocks.com for full company details.

****** DISCLAIMER ******

This material is being provided by Winner-Stocks, an electronic newsletter
paid by the issuer for publishing the information contained in this report.
Winner-Stocks has been retained as a consultant to American Benefits Group,
Inc. for one year, pursuant to a written agreement which provides for the
payment of 28,500 shares of common stock of American Benefits Group, Inc.
to Winner-Stocks per month as payment for the publication of the information
contained in this report and other promotional services provided by Winner-
Stocks. Winner-Stock and its affiliates have agreed not to sell the common
stock received as payment for its services until February 20, 1999, which
date is 15 days from the initial dissemination of this report. After such
date, Winner-Stocks may sell such shares. Because Winner-Stocks is paid for
its services, there is an inherent conflict of interest in Winner-Stocks
statements and opinions and such statements and opinions cannot be
considered independent. The information contained in this publication is
for informational purposes only, and not to be construed as an offer to
sell or solicitation of an offer to buy any security. Winner-Stocks makes
no representation or warrant relating to the validity of the facts
presented nor does Winner-Stocks represent or warrant that all material
facts necessary to make an investment decision are presented above. All
statements of opinions are those of Winner-Stocks. Winner-Stocks relies
exclusively on information gathered from public filings on featured
companies, as well as, in certain circumstances, interviews conducted by
Winner-Stocks of management of featured companies. Investors should not
rely solely on the information contained in this publication. Rather,
investors should use the information contained in this publication as a
starting point for conducting additional research on the featured companies
in order to allow the investor to form his or her own opinion regarding
the featured companies. Factual statements contained in this publication
are made as of the date stated and they are subject to change without
notice. Winner-Stocks is not a registered investment adviser, broker or a
dealer. Investment in the companies reviewed is speculative and extremely
high-risk and may result in the loss of some or all of any investment made
in American Benefits Group, Inc. Projections of future financial results
are provided soley by American Benefits Group, Inc. No assurances are given
that American Benefits Group, Inc. will achieve said projections. This
publication contains forward-looking statements that are subject to risk
and uncertainties that could cause results to differ materially from those
set forth in the forward-looking statements. These forward-looking
statements represent the judgment of American Benefits Group, Inc. as of
the date of this publication. The Company disclaims any intent or obligation
to update these forward-looking statements.

